# ğŸ“ Team Meeting Minutes

**Project:** Sprint Retro
**Team Name:** Powell Ranger's  
**Team Number:** 19
**Date:** [05/19/2025]  
**Location:** Zoom  
**Time:** [3:30pm - 4:10pm]  
**Note Taker:** [Chris Park]

---

## ğŸ“Œ Agenda

- [âœ”] Team Radar
- [âœ”] Team MSG
- [âœ”] Discussion

---

## âœ… Attendance

| Name               | Role           | Present |
| ------------------ | -------------- | ------- |
| Menko Hornstein    | Project Lead   | [âœ”]    |
| Krystal Kwan       | Technical Lead | [âœ”]    |
| John De Castro     | Frontend       | [âœ”]    |
| Aditi Verma        | Frontend       | [âœ”]    |
| Derek Wu           | Frontend       | [âœ”]    |
| Chris Park         | Backend        | [âœ”]    |
| Nathan Nguyen      | Backend        | [âœ”]    |
| Rohan Madan        | Backend        | [âœ”]    |
| Mohammed Azab      | Backend        | [âœ”]    |
| Sarkis Bagdasaryan | Backend        | [âœ”]    |
| Lavin              | Frontend       | [âœ–]    |

---

## ğŸ’¬ Notes / Decisions

- use retrium and evaluate our performace from last week
- according to the patterns, some people are feeling confident on their tasks while others are not
- Most people think our work last week had a lot of clarity
- What surprises us: we are doing good and everyone was consistant and communicating well
- lowest average was mastery, highest average was clarity
- engagement and meaning was both at an average of 3.9
- No outliers
- Moving on, we voted and made nots on what parts made us Mad, Sad, and Glad
- Some things frustrated us was that lack of discussions during slack meetings
- Some things that made us sad was that not getting exposed by other parts of the project, communication and many issues required others to finish first, and CI/CD pipeline was not set correctly first
- Some things we were glad about was that every issue was finished and we were able to communicated well with eachother
- voted on which topics were the most important:
  - the voted point was that we are not getting exposed to other prospects of the project and only working on one thing.
  - we also voted that the work load should be increased
  - finished everything in timely manner
  - lack of discussion in meetings
  - we should let everyone know in slack when you finished your issue/task

---

## ğŸ“… Next Meeting

**Date:** [5/25/2025]  
**Time:** [6:20 PM]  
**Location:** [in person]  
**Goals:** [more discussion and make video]
