# 📝 Team Meeting Minutes

**Project:** Sprint Review
**Team Name:** Powell Ranger's  
**Team Number:** 19
**Date:** [05/16/2025]  
**Location:** Zoom  
**Time:** [3pm - 3:25pm]  
**Note Taker:** [Nathan Nguyen]

---

## 📌 Agenda

- [✔] Show & Tell: Completed work this sprint
- [✔] Feedback/questions
- [✔] (Demo/screenshare)

---

## ✅ Attendance

| Name               | Role           | Present |
| ------------------ | -------------- | ------- |
| Menko Hornstein    | Project Lead   | [✔]    |
| Krystal Kwan       | Technical Lead | [✖]    |
| John De Castro     | Frontend       | [✔]    |
| Aditi Verma        | Frontend       | [✔]    |
| Derek Wu           | Frontend       | [✖]    |
| Chris Park         | Backend        | [✔]    |
| Nathan Nguyen      | Backend        | [✔]    |
| Rohan Madan        | Backend        | [✔]    |
| Mohammed Azab      | Backend        | [✔]    |
| Sarkis Bagdasaryan | Backend        | [✔]    |
| Lavin              | Frontend       | [✔]    |

---

## 👥 Teams (Contributions (Issue number))

### Frontend:

- John: Implemented base css (variables)
- Lavin: Finished HTML page (created containers, buttons, title)
- Aditi: Made folders for frontend
- Derek: N/A

### Backend:

- Sarkis: Make data structure for card and deck class
- Rohan: Finished shuffleDeck function
- Nathan: Connect shuffleDeck and generateDeck function to initialize game
- Chris: Checked over github repo to see if Rohan finished his part before starting on his
- Mohammed: Initialize js files and empty functions, add script to load both files

---

## 💬 Notes / Decisions

-
- went over wireframe layout
- go over basic roadmap of the next sprint
- make adr for card theme (power rangers theme)

---

## 📅 Next Meeting

**Date:** [05/19/2025]  
**Time:** [3:30pm]  
**Location:** [Zoom]  
**Goals:** [Retrospective]
