# 📝 Team Meeting Minutes

**Project:** Sprint Planning
**Team Name:** Powell Ranger's  
**Team Number:** 19
**Date:** [05/20/2025]  
**Location:** In Person  
**Time:** [4pm – 4.40pm]  
**Note Taker:** Rohan Madan

---

## 📌 Agenda

- [✔] Assign new Github Issues to everyone
- [✔] Create slideshow for Team Status Video

---

## ✅ Attendance

| Name               | Role           | Present |
| ------------------ | -------------- | ------- |
| Menko Hornstein    | Project Lead   | [✔]    |
| Krystal Kwan       | Technical Lead | [✔]    |
| John De Castro     | Frontend       | [✔]    |
| Aditi Verma        | Frontend       | [✔]    |
| Derek Wu           | Frontend       | [✔]    |
| Chris Park         | Backend        | [✔]    |
| Nathan Nguyen      | Backend        | [✔]    |
| Rohan Madan        | Backend        | [✔]    |
| Mohammed Azab      | Backend        | [✔]    |
| Sarkis Bagdasaryan | Backend        | [✖]    |
| Lavin              | Frontend       | [✔]    |

---

## 👥 Team Contributions:

### Frontend:

- John: Presentation slide for Team Status Video defining issue #7 -- Set up base CSS: reset, typography, and color variables
- Lavin: Presentation slide for Team Status Video defining issue #8 -- Create basic HTML layout with header, main container, footer
- Aditi: Presentation slide for Team Status Video defining issue #15 -- Scaffold project folder structure
- Derek: Presentation slide for Team Status Video defining issue $6 -- Draft static wireframes/mockups for Start, Game & End screens

### Backend:

- Sarkis: N/A
- Rohan: Presentation slide for Team Status Video defining issue #4 -- Implement shuffleDeck() function
- Nathan: Presentation slide for Team Status Video defining issue #3 -- Implement initGame() to generate and shuffle the deck
- Chris: Presentation slide for Team Status Video defining issue #2 -- Implement renderBoard() to inject cards into the DOM
- Mohammed: Presentation slide for Team Status Video defining issue #19 -- Initialize JS stubs and document API

---

## 💬 Notes / Decisions

- Created the presentation explaining what each team member did to complete Team Status Video
- Difficult with backend issues, unsure what all team members can implement together in one sprint
- Frontend issues are defined nicely, issues have been made to create cards, bridge HTML/CSS/JS, etc.
- Documentation Handler will be assiged to the frontend and backend team, who will handle the documentation entirely together.

---

## 📅 Next Meeting

**Date:** [5/21/25]  
**Time:** [4pm]  
**Location:** [Zoom]  
**Goals:** [Sprint Meeting]
