# Team Meeting Minutes

_Project:_ Sprint Retro
_Team Name:_ Powell Ranger’s
_Team Number:_ 19
_Date:_ [05/26/2025]
_Location:_ Zoom
_Time:_ [3:30pm - 4:20]
_Note Taker:_ [Lavin Ma]

---

## Agenda

- [:starkes_häkchen:] Team Radar
- [:starkes_häkchen:] Team MSG
- [:starkes_häkchen:] Discussion

---

## :weißes_häkchen: Attendance

| Name               | Role                      | Present |
| ------------------ | ------------------------- | ------- |
| Menko Hornstein    | Project Lead              | [✔]    |
| Krystal Kwan       | Technical Lead            | [✔]    |
| John De Castro     | UI/UX Design (Team A)     | [✔]    |
| Aditi Verma        | Frontend Dev (Team A)     | [✔]    |
| Derek Wu           | State Mgmt (Team B)       | [✔]    |
| Chris Park         | JS Dev – Deck (Team B)    | [✔]    |
| Nathan Nguyen      | Multi-Draw Logic (Team C) | [✔]    |
| Rohan Madan        | Persistence (Team C)      | [✔]    |
| Mohammed Azab      | QA (Team D)               | [✔]    |
| Sarkis Bagdasaryan | Docs (Team D)             | [✔]    |
| Lavin Ma           | Video/Presentation (D)    | [✔]    |

---

## Notes / Decisions

- Held our sprint on Retrium
  - voted on what we wanted to focus on for the next sprint
  - discussed how we have improved

---

## Next Meeting

_Date:_ [05/27/2025]
_Time:_ [6:30]
_Location:_ [Galbraith Hall]
_Goals:_ [set weekly task goals]
