# Team Meeting Minutes
*Project:* Sprint Retro
*Team Name:* Powell Ranger’s
*Team Number:* 19
*Date:* [05/26/2025]
*Location:* Zoom
*Time:* [3:30pm - 4:20]
*Note Taker:* [Lavin Ma]
---
## Agenda
- [:starkes_häkchen:]  Team Radar
- [:starkes_häkchen:]  Team MSG
- [:starkes_häkchen:]  Discussion
---
## :weißes_häkchen: Attendance
| Name              | Role                     | Present |
|-------------------|--------------------------|---------|
| Menko Hornstein   | Project Lead             | [:starkes_häkchen:]  |
| Krystal Kwan      | Technical Lead           | [:starkes_häkchen:]  |
| John De Castro    | Frontend                 | [:starkes_häkchen:]  |
| Aditi Verma       | Frontend                 | [:starkes_häkchen:]  |
| Derek Wu          | Frontend                 | [:starkes_häkchen:]  |
| Chris Park        | Backend                  | [:starkes_häkchen:]  |
| Nathan Nguyen     | Backend                  | [:starkes_häkchen:]  |
| Rohan Madan       | Backend                  | [:starkes_häkchen:]  |
| Mohammed Azab     | Backend                  | [:starkes_häkchen:]  |
| Sarkis Bagdasaryan| Backend                  | [:starkes_häkchen:]  |
| Lavin             | Frontend                 | [:starkes_häkchen:]  |
---
## Notes / Decisions
- Held our sprint on Retrium
  - voted on what we wanted to focus on for the next sprint
  - discussed how we have improved
---
## Next Meeting
*Date:* [05/27/2025]
*Time:* [6:30]
*Location:* [Galbraith Hall]
*Goals:* [set weekly task goals]
