# 📝 Team Meeting Minutes

**Project:** Sprint Planning  
**Team Name:** Powell Ranger's  
**Team Number:** 19  
**Date:** [05/27/2025]  
**Location:** In Person  
**Time:** [6:20 - 6:35]  
**Note Taker:** Sarkis Bagdasaryan

---

## 📌 Agenda

- [✔] News/Questions
- [✔] Tasks for everyone

---

## ✅ Attendance

| Name               | Role                      | Present |
| ------------------ | ------------------------- | ------- |
| Menko Hornstein    | Project Lead              | [✖]    |
| Krystal Kwan       | Technical Lead            | [✔]    |
| John De Castro     | UI/UX Design (Team A)     | [✖]    |
| Aditi Verma        | Frontend Dev (Team A)     | [✔]    |
| Derek Wu           | State Mgmt (Team B)       | [✔]    |
| Chris Park         | JS Dev – Deck (Team B)    | [✔]    |
| Nathan Nguyen      | Multi-Draw Logic (Team C) | [✖]    |
| Rohan Madan        | Persistence (Team C)      | [✔]    |
| Mohammed Azab      | QA (Team D)               | [✔]    |
| Sarkis Bagdasaryan | Docs (Team D)             | [✔]    |
| Lavin Ma           | Video/Presentation (D)    | [✔]    |

---

## 👥 Teams (Assigned Issues)

### Frontend:

- John: #55 - User interface
- Lavin: #55 - User interface
- Aditi: #56 - Visual feedback
- Derek: #57 - Piecing together

### Backend:

- Sarkis: #59 - Combo tracking
- Rohan: #60 - Countdown timer
- Nathan: #61 - CI/CD Pipeline Tests
- Chris: #62 - Finalize and stabilize gameplay logic
- Mohammed: #58 - Clean up

---

## 💬 Notes / Decisions

For backend: those finished with issues should begin helping with issue 61
Go over readme for pull requests

---

## 📅 Next Meeting

**Date:** 5/28/2025
**Time:** 4pm  
**Location:** Zoom  
**Goals:** Standup
