# 📝 Team Meeting Minutes

**Project:** Sprint Review
**Team Name:** Powell Ranger's  
**Team Number:** 19
**Date:** [06/01/2025]  
**Location:** Zoom  
**Time:** [4pm - 4:15]  
**Note Taker:** [Menko Hornstein]

---

## 📌 Agenda

- [x] Show & Tell: Completed work this sprint
- [x] Feedback/questions
- [x] (Demo/screenshare)

---

## ✅ Attendance

| Name               | Role           | Present |
| ------------------ | -------------- | ------- |
| Menko Hornstein    | Project Lead   | [✔]    |
| Krystal Kwan       | Technical Lead | [✔]    |
| John De Castro     | Frontend       | [✔]    |
| Aditi Verma        | Frontend       | [✔]    |
| Derek Wu           | Frontend       | [✖]    |
| Chris Park         | Backend        | [✔]    |
| Nathan Nguyen      | Backend        | [✖]    |
| Rohan Madan        | Backend        | [✔]    |
| Mohammed Azab      | Backend        | [✔]    |
| Sarkis Bagdasaryan | Backend        | [✔]    |
| Lavin              | Frontend       | [✖]    |

---

## 👥 Teams (Contributions (Issue number))

### Frontend:

- John: Waiting on Lavin week 2, if no response start tonight.
- Lavin:
- Aditi: Start today/tomorrow
- Derek:

### Backend:

- Sarkis: Finished Issue
- Rohan: Start with the issue tonight
- Nathan:
- Chris: Dependent, will work on that
- Mohammed: Start today/tomorrow

---

## 💬 Notes / Decisions

- ***

## 📅 Next Meeting

**Date:** [06/01/2025]  
**Time:** [3:30pm]  
**Location:** [Zoom]  
**Goals:** [Retrospective]
