# 📝 Team Meeting Minutes

**Project:** Sprint Planning
**Team Name:** Powell Ranger's  
**Team Number:** 19
**Date:** [06/04/2025]  
**Location:** In Person  
**Time:** [4pm – 4.40pm]  
**Note Taker:** [John De Castro]

---

## 📌 Agenda

- [x] News/Questions
- [x] Tasks for everyone

---

## ✅ Attendance

| Name               | Role           | Present |
| ------------------ | -------------- | ------- |
| Menko Hornstein    | Project Lead   | [✔]    |
| Krystal Kwan       | Technical Lead | [✖]    |
| John De Castro     | Frontend       | [✔]    |
| Aditi Verma        | Frontend       | [✖]    |
| Derek Wu           | Frontend       | [✖]    |
| Chris Park         | Backend        | [✖]    |
| Nathan Nguyen      | Backend        | [✖]    |
| Rohan Madan        | Backend        | [✔]    |
| Mohammed Azab      | Backend        | [✔]    |
| Sarkis Bagdasaryan | Backend        | [✖]    |
| Lavin              | Frontend       | [✔]    |

---

## 👥 Teams (Assigned Issues)

### Frontend:

- John: high score implimentation
- Lavin: clean up sub-issue #55
- Aditi: card design
- Derek: card design

### Backend:

- Sarkis: back end final review
- Rohan: high score implimentation
- Nathan: difficulty-selection screen (back end-ish)
- Chris: difficulty-seleciton screen (front end-ish)
- Mohammed: back end final review

---

## 💬 Notes / Decisions

- Members missing due to scheduling conflict -> midterms.
- Experiencing some merging issues, game not functional, reverting from issue #55 recent PR.
- Need to review m.v.p. (???)
- Assigned front/back end issues (pending sub issue #'s on github).
- Aiming for collaborative work and need functional code by Sunday.

---

## 📅 Next Meeting

**Date:** [06/06/2025]  
**Time:** [3:00PM]  
**Location:** [Zoom]  
**Goals:** [Sprint Review]
