# 📝 Team Meeting Minutes

**Project:** Sprint Retro
**Team Name:** Powell Ranger's  
**Team Number:** 19
**Date:** [06/02/2025]  
**Location:** Zoom  
**Time:** [3:30pm - ]  
**Note Taker:** [Insert Name]

---

## 📌 Agenda

- [ ] Everything final? (two doc folders)
- [ ] Videos
- [ ] Team MSG

---

## ✅ Attendance

| Name               | Role           | Present |
| ------------------ | -------------- | ------- |
| Menko Hornstein    | Project Lead   | [✔]    |
| Krystal Kwan       | Technical Lead | [✔]    |
| John De Castro     | Frontend       | [✖]    |
| Aditi Verma        | Frontend       | [✔]    |
| Derek Wu           | Frontend       | [✔]    |
| Chris Park         | Backend        | [✔]    |
| Nathan Nguyen      | Backend        | [✔]    |
| Rohan Madan        | Backend        | [✖]    |
| Mohammed Azab      | Backend        | [✖]    |
| Sarkis Bagdasaryan | Backend        | [✖]    |
| Lavin              | Frontend       | [✖]    |

---

## 💬 Notes / Decisions

- Discussed about final project video
- Rewrite documentation
- Delete commented code

---

## 📅 Next Meeting

**Date:** [Date]  
**Time:** [Time]  
**Location:** []  
**Goals:** []
