# 📝 Team Meeting Minutes

**Project:** Standup
**Team Name:** Powell Ranger's  
**Team Number:** 19
**Date:** [05/21/2025]  
**Location:** Zoom  
**Time:** [4pm – 4.40pm]  
**Note Taker:** Krystal Kwan

---

## 📌 Agenda
- [ ] Questions
- [ ] What is everyone doing?

---

## ✅ Attendance
| Name              | Role                     | Present |
|-------------------|--------------------------|---------|
| Menko Hornstein   | Project Lead             | [✖]  |
| Krystal Kwan      | Technical Lead           | [✔]  |
| John De Castro    | UI/UX Design (Team A)    | [✔]  |
| Aditi Verma       | Frontend Dev (Team A)    | [✔]  |
| Derek Wu          | State Mgmt (Team B)      | [✔]  |
| Chris Park        | JS Dev – Deck (Team B)   | [✖]  |
| Nathan Nguyen     | Multi-Draw Logic (Team C)| [✔]  |
| Rohan Madan       | Persistence (Team C)     | [✔]  |
| Mohammed Azab     | QA (Team D)              | [✖]  |
| Sarkis Bagdasaryan| Docs (Team D)            | [✖]  |
| Lavin             | Video/Presentation (D)   | [✔]  |

---
## 👥 Teams (Assigned Issues)

### Frontend:
- John:
  - Task: start and endscreen
  - Problems: none
  - Next steps: work on 31, starting evening
- Lavin:
  - Task: create Score Display and reset
  - Problems: none
  - Next steps: working on issue sometime today, in afternoon, update in slack
- Aditi: 
  - Task: create grid
  - Problems: waiting for cards
  - Next steps: will work on issue after
- Derek:
  - Task: create cards (+ placeholders)
  - Problems: none
  - Next steps: design cards, placeholders

### Backend:
- Sarkis: (unavailable)
  - Task: n/a
  - Problems: n/a
  - Next steps: n/a
- Rohan:
  - Task: card flip
  - Problems: none
  - Next steps: start on issue, and documentation
- Nathan:
  - Task: match checking/card reset
  - Problems: wait for Chris to initialize card object
  - Next steps: finish task after Chris
- Chris:
  - Task: initialization logic
  - Problems: wait on card components
  - Next steps: finish task, should be done in about 2 hrs, push issue first for Nathan
- Mohammed: (unavailable)
  - Task: n/a
  - Problems: n/a
  - Next steps: n/a


---

## 💬 Notes / Decisions
- CI/CD pipeline needs to be automated
- Work on tasks for Friday standup
- Rotating roles isn't viable, but if a team member wants to work on something in the other team they can take an issue from that side if interested

---

## 📅 Next Meeting
**Date:** [05/23/2025]  
**Time:** [3pm]  
**Location:** [Zoom]  
**Goals:** [Review]
